This woman is so fast
Her cultivation can't help but see through
Who are you?
Can't passers-by?
This is my family's home
Please take a step
I don't see any family affairs
I only saw a shameless villain
Big bully small here
I am a sixth-grade cultivation base
Why should you stand up for this kid?
Humph
Is the sixth-grade cultivation base amazing?
What eight pins?
What is an eighth-rank master?
A sect master like you, I'm too lazy to talk nonsense
I will take it away during the business period. What is your opinion?
dare not dare
Please close yourself
Liu De Qingshan is not afraid of running out of firewood
Wait for your strength
Naturally, there are opportunities to come back for revenge
Ye Wuji vows here
This life and this world are exhausted
I will also come back to avenge today's revenge
Why didn't Dad kill Ye Wuji just now?
fool
That woman obviously has a special relationship with Ye Wuji
Do you want me to die with you too? No
You will go to Freeland Gate tomorrow to attend the Pepsi Ceremony
Freeland Gate
Canglan Sect is the only top sect in Jiangnan Province
Far from being a small clan like us than you
Your senior brother He Yuchuan
Now he is defeated under the Canglan Sect and becomes an inner court disciple
What can you do if you stay in Haorizong all day?
You can only go to a large gate like the Freeland Gate
To become a top powerhouse
Freeland Gate
We'll see.